“It’s not about perfect. It’s about effort.” – Jillian Michaels
“Excellence is not a skill. It is an attitude.”– Ralph Marston
“Focus on your goal. Don’t look in any direction but ahead.” -unknown
“You don’t get what you wish for. You get what you work for.” – Daniel Milstein
“Do something now; your future self will thank you for later.” – unknown
“Don’t try to be perfect. Just try to be better than you were yesterday.” – unknown
“Keep going. Everything you need will come to you at the perfect time.” – unknown
“Even the greatest were beginners. Don’t be afraid to take that first step.” – unknown
“Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear.” – George Addair
“Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life.”– Steve Jobs
“You can’t use up creativity. The more you use, the more you have.”– Maya Angelou
‘The best way to gain self-confidence is to do what you are afraid to do.” – Swati Sharma
“If you hear a voice within you say ‘you cannot paint,’ then by all means paint, and that voice will be silenced.” – Vincent Van Gogh
“Courage doesn’t always roar. Sometimes courage is the quiet voice at the end of the day saying ‘I will try again tomorrow’.”– Mary Anne Radmacher
“A little progress each day adds up to big results.” – Satya Nani
“It’s not about having time. It’s about making time.” – unknown
“Losers quit when they’re tired. Winners quit when they’ve won.”
“Skill is only developed by hours and hours of work.” – Usain Bolt
“You will never always be motivated. You have to learn to be disciplined.” – unknown
“Self-discipline is the magic power that makes you virtually unstoppable.” – Dan Kennedy
“The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.” – Walt Disney
“Focus on doing the right things instead of a bunch of things.” – Mike Krieger
“The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus.” – Bruce Lee
“Discipline is just choosing between what you want now and what you want most.” – Abraham Lincoln
it's ok to be horny, god is too – me
If you quit when you suck, you'll suck forever. -- Mori Calliope
We never forget the fallen, but we move on. -- Mori Callipoe

You are my love, my sunshine in this cruel, cold world. You are my light, my everything. I know you feel the same way. <3